1  John Stevens. 

2  We drove up to the dusty dirt road turn off and proceeded cautiously along the seemingly forgotten gravel road. 

3  I watched as the city view gave way to the serenity of the countryside. 

4  Dodging pot holes and downed tree limbs along the way made the trip seem a little more of an adventure. 

5  We winded cautiously down the road until a rusty iron gate came into view. 

6  The gate was flanked by two crumbling sandstone pillars that seemed to blow away if they were touched. 

7  We exited the car and made our way to the crumbling entrance gate of the old family home that my friend Shon had inherited. 

8  Shon had never seen the home but was informed of stories about the home his entire life. 

9  It was built by his great grandfather after he had made it big as a cattle baron. 

10   His family resided in the home until the 1960’s when the upkeep and taxes got too much for them to handle. 

11  The family then moved to town and began to sell off parcels of the twenty one hundred acres to pay off the family debt. 

12  All that was left was a small ten acre parcel on which the house resides.. 

13  We slowly opened the old iron gate just far enough for the two of us to squeeze through. 

14  The drive up to the house was overgrown with just a small walking trail winding through the woods. 

15  There were old beer cans and remnants of a campfire where the local teens had come to party. 

16   The wind whispered through the pines as we made our journey and seemed to get more apparent as we got closer to the house. 

17   We passed an old barn that seemed to call out to us, so we decided to make a slight detour. 

18  The barn smelled of old rope and decay; it seemed to groan and twist in the fierce winds that were bellowing outside. 

19  As we exited the old barn to make our way up the hill to the house the barn seemed to creak and groan louder as if to say “don’t go”. 

20   We had journeyed a little further and around a small bend the house came into view. 

21  It was old and tattered and for the most part forgotten; once a jewel of architecture, now a worn out relic. 

22  I couldn’t help but think of Daphne Du Maurier’s  Manderley when I thought about how glorious the home must have once looked. 

23   We could see where Shon’s family once had flower beds and garden trails, now mostly reclaimed by Mother Nature.. 

24  The imposing structure was encompassed by a wide veranda with separated floor boards and ivy growing through every crack available. 

25  Shon dug for the antiquated key chain in order to unlock the solid oak doors that had his families crest emblazoned on them. 

26  The doors creaked as we forced them open and in the afternoon sun revealed a large entrance hall. 

27  Walking from room to room we realized that unlike what we were expecting the house was just as it was the day his family left. 

28  There was no sign of urban explorers or teenage vandals anywhere to be found in the building, which we found strangely odd. 

29   I loved the home and thought about offering to buy the home from Shon, but I knew that I could never afford to fix it up in my life time. 

30  The place was a form of home in which I would probably never see again. 

31  As we left the poor dilapidated home I felt the feeling of sadness as if the home wanted us to stay and love it once more.. 

32  Shon has since started to restore his beautiful family home and is living full time in the carriage house apartment that he created for himself. 

33   I am happy about his decision to keep the home and restore it to its former glory. 

34  The home is more than just a big old house; it’s a piece of his family history and a part of the community’s history. 

